listen the old guard is the next big
franchise netflix says in their hands
based on the comic book that they want
to turn into a trilogy it has charlize
theron so you know she's gonna kick ass
but honestly it was the philosophy
dealing with immortality that intrigued
me
way more than the action reminding you
that dying is easy
but living is harder let me explain
so the old guard consists of andy booker
joe and nikki who are hundreds if not
thousands of years old
they're named after the oldest u.s
infantry but they don't really work for
anyone in particular
their main goal is just to do good and
try to be holy so you good guys or bad
guys
depends on the century charlize plays
andy a 6 000 year old warrior who
sees immortality more as just being
lonely you know
it just means that she's been around
long enough to see the most people die
the closest thing to that that i could
relate to
as a mere mortal was you know dogs they
live for such a short period
i've gone through three big experiences
now where i've lost dogs in my life and
it's brutal
it's so brutal nikki and joe met when
they were fighting in the crusades
opposite of each other and after killing
each other several times they fell in
love
meanwhile booker is the baby of the
group and he just sees what they have as
a curse they don't necessarily need to
hold on to memories
because they're going to live forever so
they can forget about something
it's never really going to disappear
it's when it's when you
know that you're going to die you hold
on to memories because you know they'll
never come back
but if you live forever you know you
might run into a similar type of
event in the future since they've lived
so long they've mastered the art of
tasting they can drink more than mel
gibson they've been fighting for so long
they just went through a bunch of
fighting styles for their training
leading up to the movie
because really they're just being burned
and killed more times than kenny and so
to get into that state of mind directed
gina prince bythwood also made sure her
actors read dave grossman's book on
killing the psychological costs of
learning to kill in war in society
a book also used for a black mirror
episode and used to learn
the psychological cost of learning to
kill the war in society because if
there's been one through line they've
seen in humanity throughout all of the
thousands of years that they've been
living
it's violence so full spoilers for the
comic the movie
and dave grossman's book on killing the
psychological cost of learning
so the movie really gets going when the
four have dreams of a new person getting
what they consider either a gift or a
curse of becoming immortal and that
happens every time a new one comes in
and while they don't really ever explain
their powers or how they get them or the
purpose of them getting them
they haven't had a new immortal since
booker back in 1812
now freeman was a marine who got killed
in afghanistan and when she's revived
her own squad turns on her because
they're scared a theme we see throughout
where people shun something
they don't understand unless they can
use it for profit so she's kidnapped and
joins a new family
what's funny is that kiki's first day on
set was the plane scene where she goes
one on one with charlize
and you know she gets kevin ware down i
still can't believe
that they trusted my non-experienced ass
to be on a moving thing like throwing
punches
i'm with you i'm always like are you
guys for real when i was in the comic
was mainly the character
you know that the reader vicariously
lives through since she's new
everything's practically being explained
to her in the movie she's there to
challenge andy's 6 000 years of
experience
god doesn't exist my god does
was that him her father also served and
went missing and now that's something
she has to do because the old guard sees
relationships as distractions
especially booker who recalls the story
of his son who he couldn't save from
cancer
and now he lives with the guilt that he
couldn't save his loved one while he's
saving the rest of humanity
for andy that hits even harder since she
has like 4 000 plus more years of loss
heartbreak and seeing the cycles of
violence humans find themselves in
she doesn't need to learn history she is
history and throughout all of that she
starts to lose her purpose
you haven't asked your business is yours
you need help or does it matter why
copley is a cia agent who's worked with
them in order to stop criminal
syndicates in the past
until he dupes them into taking on a
mission that's just a setup to get them
on camera
he lost his wife to als so he's addicted
to finding out how to obtain their gift
something that booker falls into as well
but in reverse
and so they look to merit the muggle for
answers he's one of the biggest
pharmaceutical ceos who's trying to get
rid of the evil stigma that the industry
has
by hunting down immortals and harvesting
their bodies so that he can live longer
and make more money
they end up finding their hideout and
kidnap nikki and joey but
not booker sure and it's in that
transport that we get a scene marvel
hasn't had the balls to do
in fact greg rucka the writer who also
adapted the screenplay for the movie
had it in the contract that the speech
could not be cut
i love this man beyond measure and
reason he's not my boyfriend
he's all and he's more incurable
romantic
in the comic merrick also comes off way
more bilzerian than he does zuckerberg
with that stabbing scene being way more
tarantino than the movie was going for
she might not survive the testing this
will be murder as if the cia never
disappeared anyone
niles rescues the team with the final
fight having a twist and that's that
andy isn't immortal anymore
and i know better than to expect an
origin to why they get this ability
or at least one that's going to please
most but i do half like the immortality
that they're playing with
how it's not fully bulletproof how they
can't die meaning they still have some
stakes
that they still have a little humanity
in them but at the same time i know what
happens in the second novel i
i just don't want it to come off too
convenient in the end merrick goes from
being at the top to literally the bottom
when he can't extract what he wants
leishon booker who was already depressed
as it is and turn copley into their
oracle
who will be there to scrub them from
history and keep them safe
but that doesn't scrub the consequences
of their past past
actions it's nice to finally meet you
like i said it's meant to be a trilogy
and the second book is already out and
i think it's pretty good since greg
rucker wrote the comics and now he's
doing the screenplay it's been
interesting to see how each has
influenced each other
but the second is cool because it deals
with queen who we see in a flashback was
the first immortal andy found
and after fighting together for years
upon years for humanity
it's humanity that locks her up in an
iron maiden and throws her into the
ocean
now some may argue that andy could have
done more to find her at the
bottom of the never ending ocean but
clearly quinn rusted herself
out there and has kidnapped booker just
to see if andy would go look for
him and considering how dark it is that
she was dying
over and over and over and over by
drowning
i mean the fact she pulled up and took a
sip yeah she mean she means business
i'm really curious to see them adapt the
conversations between andy and quinn as
they argue about hope how one sees the
world as devoid of it because nothing
ever changes
and in fact believes their powers were
not given for them to be angels
but devils exterminators in fact to the
vermin that is humanity
and he's like please say psych i am
curious to see them cover the effects of
big companies and
how the previous evils of the world have
just been repackaged into corporations
and so they're able to get away with it
because it's organized for me one of the
standout scenes from the first is when
nicki and joe call out the lackey
running test on them
who's convinced themselves that what
they're doing is okay because it's in
the name of science
you think i go too far that i am
unethical
i would say immoral i believe this can
change the world
i find justification i've heard it so
many times before
there's a lot that's already been said
about power and the abuse of it
i'm sure andy left when she saw the
stanford prison experiment which
i do recommend but what i think the
sequel can tackle well is community
how being alone makes you vulnerable as
isolation starts to diminish your
purpose
but it's those around you who can also
predetermine it and if all hope is lost
it can get dark today i put this on your
wounds
tomorrow you help someone up when they
fall
copley who sees math as the one common
language humanity has shared throughout
proposes the patterns he's obsessively
noticed in history
that one good deed andy or the group did
in one period
ended up rippling into positive change
generations later
and that that's their purpose be it
immortal or not it's realizing that the
decisions we make in our present time
will last beyond our lifetime
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comments section
first things first i i really do like
the songs that were used in the movie
like i like them
but i would rather the budget go to more
of the set pieces uh
than the soundtrack especially with all
of the flashbacks that they're going to
be doing if you've read the comic you
know that andy has a lot of past lovers
that i would love to see sequences for
and i personally think they got to make
it a show you know give charlize that
marvel money
i don't they don't call me i don't know
no i swear to god i've never i've never
gotten anything
no i'm not lying to you um but that's
okay
you know what i am paving my own way i'm
i'm creating my own opportunities so
it's all right
hell yeah the only big franchises i want
to see her in is like
mission impossible just so she can go
whoop tom cruise ass but considering
some of the talks in the sequel which
get really deep
uh queen does propose some hefty stuff
so you know
we may see her going to the other side
and get a more furious charlize and
you know remember when she was the bad
guy against dom everyone knows what the
f in that series stands for familiar and
she made them turn on them
you're gonna turn your back on family
i'm curious to see where this goes uh
and i really do hope that they keep gina
on board because i think
she did a great job with the adaptation
um especially just
the the psyche of the characters and i
think that she could do way more of that
i know she was
signed on to do silver and black but if
she can just continue doing this you
know kind of like how they wanted the
star wars directors to control whole
trilogy and stuff
that would be dope um but in case you
know your thoughts differences that
you've noticed in the
two comic books according to the
adaptation as well
any of your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe unfortunately i have
to wrap up
are you in a video store are you a blog